[13.0][MIG] ebill_paynet (#551)
OCA/l10n-switzerland: ebill_paynet/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

## Create a service

To create a service you need to be registred with SIXT Paynet service. Then the configuration of the service can be done in `Accounting - Configuration - Payments - Paynet Service`

## Configure the customers

A customer that wants to receive his invoices through Paynet will also need to register with the service.
In Odoo to enable the sending of invoices for a specific customer through Paynet, the transmit method must be set accordingly for that customer. This is done on the customer form in the tab `Sales & Purchases` section `Sales`.

## Configure the contracts

> The contracts specific to ebilling are located in `Accounting - Customers - Ebill Payment Contract`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contracts specific to e-billing are located in `Accounting - Customers - eBill Payment Contract`
```
